in the tropical forests through New
Guinea one male is dedicated to making
an unforgettable first impression the
six-plumed bird-of-paradise is cleaning
his display ground he obsessively tied
his every fallen leaf his stage must be
meticulously tidy for what will be an
incredible performance a few attracted
berries to help decorate the floor this
final touch is hardly ever seen might he
think he's found a bit of old snakeskin
some scientists believe he's trying to
add the scent of a snake to ward off
predators for others it's a cleaning
cloth and he's polishing a perch for a
female
later he uses a bigger bit of rag and
does the same only strong healthy and
well-fed males can afford the time and
effort for the most meticulous
preparation and in theory they're the
ones with better genes to pass on you'll
have a highly critical audience so it's
time to rehearse the main act
his dance steps perfected he's ready to
start the show for real he spots a
female nearby so quickly goes to get
more bellies to tempt her in disaster
he's left his polishing rag on the dance
floor it's perfect for her nest she
flies off without even seeing his dance
he delivers his berries too late he
never got a chance to win her heart and
he lost his precious polishing cloth
back to work
you